update Alert List content for GA (#3457)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/alerts-notifications/alert-settings.mdx

## Rules

> The “Alert Rules” tab displays your alert rules, along with their type, current status, and the project they’re associated with. If you have Performance configured for your organization, the Alerts page also displays a “History” tab where you can find a list of your alerts along with visual graphs, associated projects, and the last time the alert was triggered. In the “History” tab, the default view shows unresolved alerts.

Author: ```suggestion
The “Alert Rules” tab displays your alert rules, along with their type, current status, and the project they’re associated with. If you have [Performance Monitoring](/product/performance/) configured for your organization, the **Alerts** page also displays a “History” tab where you can find a list of triggered alerts, along with visual graphs, associated projects, and the last time the alert was triggered. In the “History” tab, the default view displays unresolved alerts.
```

> The “Alert Rules” tab displays your alert rules, along with their type, current status, and the project they’re associated with. If you have [Performance Monitoring](/product/performance/) configured for your organization, the **Alerts** page also displays a “History” tab where you can find a list of triggered alerts, along with visual graphs, associated projects, and the last time the alert was triggered. In the “History” tab, the default view displays unresolved alerts.

Author: ```suggestion
The “Alert Rules” tab displays your alert rules, along with their current status, project, team, and date created. If you have [Performance Monitoring](/product/performance/) configured for your organization, the **Alerts** page also displays a “History” tab where you can find a list of triggered alerts, along with visual graphs, associated projects, and the last time the alert was triggered. In the “History” tab, the default view displays unresolved alerts.
```
